it's hard to get feedback from from senior officers. Sometimes, um, the
sometimes It's not in the senior officers nature to give feedback.
Sometimes they want to keep their cards close so that they said that
the subordinate doesn't know what what they're doing. I think there's
an intrinsic fear that if a subordinate is given is told very directly
how they're doing, they will. They will failed to perform. But
really, I think comes down how this criticism or feedback is presented.
We all learn methods to do this, and the most basic one that I
know of is say, you're doing really well at this. You need to work
on this, but you're also doing really well at this, so you be flush
with praise while also giving critique on where someone could do better.
But as this from a subordinate standpoint, you have to demand feedback.
You have to you have to let in a respectful way. You have to
know, or you have to let your son you know that you want feedback.
It's important to you. It's it's how you grow. In my last command,
I received several fitness reports that said You're doing a great job.
And the fertile debrief was similar in a statement. I had to ask
them directly to give me to tell me where I can improve to help help
the command do better. And one time there was not. I thought that was
supremely unhelpful. Uh, I specifically brought this up not that
particular time, but, uh, to one of my future bosses and explaining
that we need feedback. We need to know what's wrong with how we can
do better. And it did get better with the with the next commanding officer,
but showing your commanding officer or your boss, whoever it
is that you're interested in feedback that you want to know how you
can get better, that you're not afraid of what they might say about
you, you know, shows strength. But that's important. You have to be
clear about that. That's what you want.